Add explanations for $ prefix and group property differences (#128)
design-tokens/community-group: technical-reports/format/groups.md

## Additional group properties

> <p class="ednote" title="Group properties vs. nested group and token names">
>   The group properties, `$description` and `$type` are prefixed with a dollar sign (`$`). <br/>Future group properties will also use a dollar sign (`$`) prefix. <br/><br/>Group keys without a dollar sign (`$`) prefix denote:
>   <br/>
>   <strong>A token name:</strong> distinguishable by containing a `$value` property
>   <br/>
>   <strong>OR</strong>
>   <br/>
>   <strong>A nested group name:</strong> distinguishable by <em>not</em> having a `$value` property
> </p>

Reviewer: Consider using a `div` to allow more semantic markup, for example:

```suggestion
<div class="ednote" title="Group properties vs. nested group and token names">

The group properties, `$description` and `$type` are prefixed with a dollar sign (`$`).  
Future group properties will also use a dollar sign (`$`) prefix.

Group keys **without** a dollar sign (`$`) prefix either denote:

- **A token name:** distinguishable by containing a `$value` property
- **A nested group name:** distinguishable by _not_ having a `$value` property

</div>
```

### Preview

<img width="829" alt="Screen Shot 2022-04-25 at 3 02 33 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85783/165182558-2465aa3a-fa64-49c5-a293-e0b9df74d9e8.png">

Reviewer 2: Why is a div better @kaelig? I would have done the same as Kevin tbh. Maybe I'm missing something though.

Reviewer 3: I think it's so that you can nest paragraphs & lists inside rather than having a single paragraph but visually formatting it over several lines using `<br>`.

FWIW, I second @kaelig's suggestion

Reviewer: What @c1rrus said ☝🏻 Thank you!

Author: Updated.

Reviewer: Closing this - See my newer comment regarding markdown syntax

## Additional group properties

<div class="ednote" title="Group properties vs. nested group and token names">
  <p>
    To prevent collisions with token names, token properties are prefixed with a dollar sign (`$`). Using this prefix eliminates the need for a reserved words list and helps future-proof the spec.
  </p>
  <p>
    Group keys without a dollar sign (`$`) prefix denote:
  </p>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <strong>A token name:</strong> distinguishable by containing a `$value` property
      <pre>
      <code>
{
  "Group of tokens": {
    "$description": "This is an example of a group containing a single token",
    "Token name": {
      "$value": "#000000"
    }
  }
}
      </code>
      </pre>
    </li>
    <li>
      <strong>A nested group name:</strong> distinguishable by <em>not</em> having a `$value` property
      <pre>
      <code>
{
  "Group of tokens": {
    "$description": "This is an example of a group containing a nested group",
    "Subgroup of tokens": {
      "Token 1 name": { ... },
      "Token 2 name": { ...}
    }
  }
}
      </code>
      </pre>
    </li>
  </ul>

> </div>

Reviewer: Let's use Markdown wherever we can, for readability. (also, valid JSON highlights better)

~~~suggestion
<div class="ednote" title="Group properties vs. nested group and token names">

To prevent collisions with token names, token properties are prefixed with a dollar sign (`$`). Using this prefix eliminates the need for a reserved words list and helps future-proof the spec.

Group keys without a dollar sign (`$`) prefix denote:

- **A token name:** distinguishable by containing a `$value` property

  ```json
  {
    "Group of tokens": {
      "$description": "This is an example of a group containing a single token",
      "Token name": {
        "$value": "#000000"
      }
    }
  }
  ```

- **A nested group name:** distinguishable by _not_ having a `$value` property

  ```json
  {
    "Group of tokens": {
      "$description": "This is an example of a group containing a nested group",
      "Subgroup of tokens": {
        "Token 1 name": {
          "$value": "#aabbcc"
        },
        "Token 2 name": {
          "$value": "#ddeeff"
        }
      }
    }
  }
  ```

</div>
~~~

### Before
<img width="870" alt="Screen Shot 2022-05-10 at 3 33 47 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85783/167732875-c850e386-d1ab-4b60-8723-2e9fc24ddc13.png">

### After

<img width="870" alt="Screen Shot 2022-05-10 at 3 33 40 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85783/167732889-5971e8da-9c0c-4cd5-9ce0-09969aea43f2.png">
